---
title: October 13th, 2020
---

- [[Shopify]] Versioning op shopify, template upgrade alleen op de live omgeving.

- [[Shopify]] https://www.udesly.com/webflow-to-shopify/

- [[HKV Shopware 6]] **Kickoff offerte:**
	 - Research and defining the scope of the project (Discovery Phase)
		 - The goal over the Discovery phase is to make sure the team gets a better understanding of the project so they can suggest alternatives to possible wishes. This can result in sometime cheaper or better solutions. The Discovery phase is laying the foundation for a successful project. 

		 - Subjects:
			 - User stories

			 - MVP definition

			 - Goals, Non-Goals, Future goals

			 - Technical landscape
				 - CRM, PIM, SAP, ShopWare, EC-Manage, Slimstock, Christal reports

			 - Middleware selection
				 - [[Alumio]]

				 - Shopworks Paips

				 - Proclane

				 - econnect

				 - Others?

			 - PIM Selection
				 - Ergonode

				 - Pimcore

				 - Inriver

				 - Others?

		 - Deliverables:
			 - [[Technical design]]
				 - The purpose of a technical design document is to aid in the critical analysis of a problem and the proposed solution, while also communicating priority, effort, and impact with various stakeholders.

				 - **Goals, Non-Goals Future goals**
					 - Goals

					 - Non-goals

					 - Future Goals

				 - **Detailed design**
					 - What are the user requirements?

					 - What systems will be affected?

					 - What new data structures are needed, what data structures will be changed?

					 - What new APIs will be needed, what APIs will be changed?

					 - What are the efficiency considerations (time/space)?

					 - What are the expected access patterns (load/throughput)?

					 - How will data be validated and what are the potential error states?

					 - Are there any logging, monitoring or observability needs?

					 - Are there any security considerations?

					 - Are there any privacy considerations?

					 - Are there any mobile considerations?

					 - Are there any web-specific considerations?

					 - How will the changes be tested?

					 - How does internationalization and localization — translations, time zones, unicode, etc. — affect your solution?

				 - Third-party considerations

				 - Work estimates

			 - Scope probability (budget, time, functionality)

			 - Sprintplanning

			 - Technical landscape definition and responsibility overview

			 - Selected PIM

			 - Selected Middleware

- [[[[Tomas]] Hesseling]] had het idee om een kamer in te richten en een doelen gesprek te hebben met mensen. 

- [[EMM]] Lodewieke
	 - Exponentiele toename order regels in AGP.

- [[Shopify]] Goeie theme developer video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBtwd2OfZsI&t
